## Message conversion package
This package contains a node to convert messages of people detectors to a pose_array which is naturally understood by the bayes_people_tracker. Some detectors use custom message types which makes it hard to use them otherwise.

All the information given on how to run the nodes should only be used if you need to run them seperately. In normal cases please refer to the `perception_people_launch` package to start the whole perception pipeline.

### to_pose_array
Small node that takes in an arbitrary message from a topic and extracts a pose according to a given identifier. The found poses are published as a geometry_msgs/PoseArray. The node is used to transform the output of any people detector to a pose array for the people_tracker. The node is configured using the detectors.yaml in the config directory:

```
to_pose_array:
    detectors:                                  # Add detectors under this namespace
        leg_detector:                           # Name of detector (used internally to identify them. Has to be unique.
            topic: "/people_tracker_measurements"  # The topic on which the geometry_msgs/PoseArray is published
            point_name: "pos"                   # The name of the point containing the coordinates in question
```

The parameter namespace `to_pose_array/detectors` can contain as many sub namespaces as needed. The above example shows the namespace `to_pose_array/detectors/leg_detector` which contains the information to parse the messages generated by the ros hydro package `leg_detector`. 

1. `topic`: this string is the topic name under which the messages containing the positions are published.
1. `point_name`: this string specifies the identifier for the detected positions. In this case the leg_detector publishes a message which caontains data like:
```
pos.x
pos.y
pos.z
```
The message is parsed for all occurences of the `pos` identifier and the result is published as a `PoseArray`.

Run with
```
roslaunch detector_msg_to_pose_array to_pose_array.launch
```
